Dursleys’ house.
	‘Could I – could I say goodbye to him, sir?’ asked Hagrid.
	He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what
must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly,
Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.
	‘Shhh!’ hissed Professor McGonagall. ‘You’ll wake the Muggles!’
	‘S-s-sorry,’ sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large spotted handker-
chief and burying his face in it. ‘But I c-c-can’t stand it – Lily an’
James dead – an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles –’
	‘Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we’ll be found,’ Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid
gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden
wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the
doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’s
blankets and then came back to the other two. For a full minute
the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s
shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously and the
twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed
to have gone out.
	‘Well,’ said Dumbledore finally, ‘that’s that. We’ve no business
staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations.’
	‘Yeah,’ said Hagrid in a very muffled voice. ‘I’d best get
this bike away. G’night, Professor McGonagall – Professor
Dumbledore, sir.’
	Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung
himself on to the motorbike and kicked the engine into life; with
a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.
	‘I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,’ said
Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose
in reply.
	Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the 
corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it
once and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so
that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out
a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the
street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of
number four.
	‘Good luck, Harry,’ he murmured. He turned on his heel and
with a swish of his cloak he was gone.
	A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay
silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would
expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over
inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on
the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special,
not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in
a few hours’ time by Mrs Dursley’s scream as she opened the front
door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next
few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley ... He
couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret
all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in
hushed voices: ‘To Harry Potter – the boy who lived!’ 
[chapter two: The Vanishing Glass]
Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to
find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly
changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit
up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into
their living-room, which was almost exactly the same as it had
been on the night when Mr Dursley had seen that fateful news
report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece
really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there
had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach
ball wearing different-coloured bobble hats – but Dudley Dursley
was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large,
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a roundabout at the fair,
playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed
by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived
in the house, too.
	Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not
for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice
which made the first noise of the day.
	‘Up! Get up! Now!’
	Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
	‘Up!’ she screeched. Harry heard her walking towards the
kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the
cooker. He rolled on to his back and tried to remember the dream
he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a
flying motorbike in it. He had a funny feeling he’d had the same
dream before.
	His aunt was back outside the door.
	‘Are you up yet?’ she demanded.
	‘Nearly,’ said Harry.
	‘Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And 
don’t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy’s
birthday.’
	Harry groaned.
	‘What did you say?’ his aunt snapped through the door.
	‘Nothing, nothing ...’
	Dudley’s birthday – how could he have forgotten? Harry got
slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair
under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them
on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the
stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
	When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen.
The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley’s birthday pres-
ents. It looked as though Dudley had got the new computer he
wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike.
Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry,
as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise – unless of course it
involved punching somebody. Dudley’s favourite punch-bag was
Harry, but he couldn’t often catch him. Harry didn’t look it, but he