seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no
point in worrying Mrs Dursley, she always got so upset at any
mention of her sister. He didn’t blame her – if he’d had a sister like
that ... but all the same, those people in cloaks ...
	He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon,
and when he left the building at five o’clock, he was still so
worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.
	‘Sorry,’ he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost
fell. It was a few seconds before Mr Dursley realised that the man
was wearing a violet cloak. He didn’t seem at all upset at being
almost knocked to the ground. On the contrary, his face split into 
a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passers-by
stare: ‘Don’t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me
today! Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even
Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy happy
day!’
	And the old man hugged Mr Dursley around the middle and
walked off.
	Mr Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a
complete stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle,
whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his car and set
off home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never
hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination.
	As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he
saw – and it didn’t improve his mood – was the tabby cat he’d
spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was
sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
	‘Shoo!’ said Mr Dursley loudly.
	The cat didn’t move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this nor-
mal cat behaviour, Mr Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself
together, he let himself into the house. He was still determined
not to mention anything to his wife.
	Mrs Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over din-
ner all about Mrs Next Door’s problems with her daughter and
how Dudley had learnt a new word (‘Shan’t!’). Mr Dursley tried to
act normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the
living-room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:
	And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the
nation’s owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although
owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight,
there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in
every direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why
the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.’ The news
reader allowed himself a grin. ‘Most mysterious. And now, over to
Jim McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of
owls tonight, Jim?’
	‘Well, Ted,’ said the weatherman, ‘I don’t know about that, but
it’s not only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as
far apart as Kent, Yorkshire and Dundee have been phoning in
to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve
had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been
celebrating Bonfire Night early – it’s not until next week, folks!
But I can promise a wet night tonight.’
	Mr Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over
Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all
over the place? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters ...
	Mrs Dursley came into the living-room carrying two cups of
tea. It was no good. He’d have to say something to her. He cleared
his throat nervously. ‘Er – Petunia, dear – you haven’t heard from
your sister lately, have you?’
	As he had expected, Mrs Dursley looked shocked and angry.
After all, they normally pretended she didn’t have a sister.
	‘No,’ she said sharply. ‘Why?’
	‘Funny stuff on the news,’ Mr Dursley mumbled. ‘Owls ...
shooting stars ... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in
town today ...’
	‘So?’ snapped Mrs Dursley.
	‘Well, I just thought ... maybe ... it was something to do with ...
you know ... her lot.’
	Mrs Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr Dursley
wondered whether he dared tell her he’d heard the name ‘Potter’.
He decided he didn’t dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could,
‘Their son – he’d be about Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?’
	‘I suppose so,’ said Mrs Dursley stiffly.
	‘What’s his name again? Howard, isn’t it?’
	‘Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.’
	‘Oh, yes,’ said Mr Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. ‘Yes, I
quite agree.’
	He didn’t say another word on the subject as they went upstairs
to bed. While Mrs Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr Dursley crept
to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden.
The cat was still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though
it was waiting for something.
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do
with the Potters? If it did ... if it got out that they were related to a
pair of – well, he didn’t think he could bear it.
The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs Dursley fell asleep quickly but
Mr Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last,
comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the
Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near
him and Mrs Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and
Petunia thought about them and their kind ... He couldn’t see how
he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be
going on. He yawned and turned over. It couldn’t affect them ...
	How very wrong he was.
	Mr Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but
the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It
was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the
far corner of Privet Drive. It didn’t so much as quiver when a car
door slammed in the next street, nor when two owls swooped