friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a
scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who
held people’s arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them.
Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
	Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn’t believe his luck, was
sitting in the back of the Dursleys’ car with Piers and Dudley, on
the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle
hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but
before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.
	‘I’m warning you,’ he had said, putting his large purple face
right up close to Harry’s, ‘I’m warning you now, boy – any funny
business, anything at all – and you’ll be in that cupboard from
now until Christmas.’
	‘I’m not going to do anything,’ said Harry, ‘honestly ...’
But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him. No one ever did.
The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry
and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them
happen.
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the bar-
ber’s looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of
kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald
except for his fringe, which she left ‘to hide that horrible scar’.
Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless
night imagining school the next day, where he was already
laughed at for his baggy clothes and Sellotaped glasses. Next
morning, however, he had got up to find his hair exactly as it had
been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a
week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain
that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.
	Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a
revolting old jumper of Dudley’s (brown with orange bobbles).
The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed
to become, until finally it might have fitted a glove puppet, but
certainly wouldn’t fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decided it must
have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn’t
punished.
	On the other hand, he’d got into terrible trouble for being
found on the roof of the school kitchens. Dudley’s gang had been
chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry’s surprise as anyone
else’s, there he was sitting on the chimney. The Dursleys had
received a very angry letter from Harry’s headmistress telling them
Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all he’d tried to do
(as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his
cupboard) was jump behind the big bins outside the kitchen
doors. Harry supposed that the wind must have caught him in
mid-jump.
	But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth
being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere
that wasn’t school, his cupboard or Mrs Figg’s cabbage-smelling
living-room.
	While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.
He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the
council, Harry, the bank and Harry were just a few of his favourite
subjects. This morning, it was motorbikes.
	‘... roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,’ he said,
as a motorbike overtook them.
	‘I had a dream about a motorbike,’ said Harry, remembering
suddenly. ‘It was flying.’
	Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned
right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic
beetroot with a moustache, ‘MOTORBIKES DON’T FLY!’
	Dudley and Piers sniggered.
	‘I know they don’t,’ said Harry. ‘It was only a dream.’
	But he wished he hadn’t said anything. If there was one thing
the Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his
talking about anything acting in a way it shouldn’t, no matter if it
was in a dream or even a cartoon – they seemed to think he might
get dangerous ideas.
	It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with
families. The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate
ice-creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in
the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry
him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice lolly. It wasn’t bad
either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratch-
ing its head and looking remarkably like Dudley, except that it
wasn’t blond.
	Harry had the best morning he’d had in a long time. He was
careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley
and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by
lunch-time, wouldn’t fall back on their favourite hobby of hitting
him. They ate in the zoo restaurant and when Dudley had a
tantrum because his knickerbocker glory wasn’t big enough, 
Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to
finish the first.
	Harry felt, afterwards, that he should have known it was all too
good to last.
	After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark
in here, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all
sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits
of wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poison-
ous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. Dudley quickly
found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its
body twice around Uncle Vernon’s car and crushed it into a dust-
bin – but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood. In fact, it was
fast asleep.
	Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at
the glistening brown coils.
	‘Make it move,’ he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped
on the glass, but the snake didn’t budge.
	‘Do it again,’ Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass