‘Who’d be writing to you?’ sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the
letter open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from
red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. And it didn’t stop
there. Within seconds it was the greyish white of old porridge.
	‘P-P-Petunia!’ he gasped.
	Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held
it high out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read
the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint.
She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.
	‘Vernon! Oh my goodness – Vernon!’
	They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry
and Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasn’t used to being
ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his
Smeltings stick.
	‘I want to read that letter,’ he said loudly.
	‘I want to read it,’ said Harry furiously, ‘as it’s mine.’
	‘Get out, both of you,’ croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter
back inside its envelope.
	Harry didn’t move.
	‘I WANT MY LETTER!’ he shouted.
	‘Let me see it!’ demanded Dudley.
	‘OUT!’ roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and
Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall,
slamming the kitchen door behind them. Harry and Dudley
promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at
the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one
ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and
floor.
	‘Vernon,’ Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, ‘look at
the address – how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You
don’t think they’re watching the house?’
	‘Watching – spying – might be following us,’ muttered Uncle
Vernon wildly.
	‘But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell
them we don’t want –’
	Harry could see Uncle Vernon’s shiny black shoes pacing up
and down the kitchen.
	‘No,’ he said finally. ‘No, we’ll ignore it. If they don’t get an
answer ... yes, that’s best ... we won’t do anything ...’
	‘But –’
	‘I’m not having one in the house, Petunia! Didn’t we swear
when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?’ 
	That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did
something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
	‘Where’s my letter?’ said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had
squeezed through the door. ‘Who’s writing to me?’
	‘No one. It was addressed to you by mistake,’ said Uncle
Vernon shortly. ‘I have burned it.’
	‘It was not a mistake,’ said Harry angrily. ‘It had my cupboard
on it.’
	‘SILENCE!’ yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell
from the ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his
face into a smile, which looked quite painful.
	‘Er – yes, Harry – about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have
been thinking ... you’re really getting a bit big for it ... we think it
might be nice if you moved into Dudley’s second bedroom.’
	‘Why?’ said Harry.
	‘Don’t ask questions!’ snapped his uncle. ‘Take this stuff
upstairs, now.’
	The Dursleys’ house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon
and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon’s sister,
Marge), one where Dudley slept and one where Dudley kept all
the toys and things that wouldn’t fit into his first bedroom. It only
took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from
the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared
around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-
old cine-camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley
had once driven over next door’s dog; in the corner was Dudley’s
first-ever television set, which he’d put his foot through when his
favourite programme had been cancelled; there was a large bird-
cage which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at
school for a real air-rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all
bent because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of
books. They were the only things in the room that looked as
though they’d never been touched.
	From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his
mother: ‘I don’t want him in there ... I need that room ... make him
get out ...’
	Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday he’d have
given anything to be up here. Today he’d rather be back in his
cupboard with that letter than up here without it.
	Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was
in shock. He’d screamed, whacked his father with his Smeltings
stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother and thrown his
tortoise through the greenhouse roof and he still didn’t have his
room back. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and
bitterly wishing he’d opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon
and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.
	When the post arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying
to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him
banging things with his Smeltings stick all the way down the hall.
Then he shouted, ‘There’s another one! Mr H. Potter, The Smallest
Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive –’
	With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran
down the hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to
wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which
was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle
Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused
fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smeltings stick,
Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s
letter clutched in his hand.
	‘Go to your cupboard – I mean, your bedroom,’ he wheezed at
Harry. ‘Dudley – go – just go.’
	Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew
he had moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he
hadn’t received his first letter. Surely that meant they’d try again?
And this time he’d make sure they didn’t fail. He had a plan.