	Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping
Dudley’s gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers,
Dennis, Malcolm and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as
Dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader.
The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Dudley’s favourite
sport: Harry-hunting.
	This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the
house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holi-
days, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September
came he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first
time in his life, he wouldn’t be with Dudley. Dudley had a place at
Uncle Vernon’s old school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going
there, too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High,
the local comprehensive. Dudley thought this was very funny.
	‘They stuff people’s heads down the toilet first day at
Stonewall,’ he told Harry. ‘Want to come upstairs and practise?’
‘No thanks,’ said Harry. ‘The poor toilet’s never had anything as
horrible as your head down it – it might be sick.’ Then he ran,
before Dudley could work out what he’d said.
	One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy
his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs Figg’s. Mrs Figg
wasn’t as bad as usual. It turned out she’d broken her leg tripping
over one of her cats and she didn’t seem quite as fond of them
as before. She let Harry watch television and gave him a bit of
chocolate cake that tasted as though she’d had it for several years.
	That evening, Dudley paraded around the living-room for the
family in his brand-new uniform. Smeltings boys wore maroon
tailcoats, orange knickerbockers and flat straw hats called boaters.
They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while
the teachers weren’t looking. This was supposed to be good training
for later life.
	As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle
Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn’t believe it was
her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up.
Harry didn’t trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs
might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
	There was a horrible smell in the kitchen next morning when
Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large
metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of
what looked like dirty rags swimming in grey water.
	‘What’s this?’ he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they
always did if he dared to ask a question.
	‘Your new school uniform,’ she said.
Harry looked in the bowl again.
	‘Oh,’ he said. ‘I didn’t realise it had to be so wet.’
	‘Don’t be stupid,’ snapped Aunt Petunia. ‘I’m dyeing some of
Dudley’s old things grey for you. It’ll look just like everyone else’s
when I’ve finished.’
	Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue.
He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was
going to look on his first day at Stonewall High – like he was
wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.
	Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses
because of the smell from Harry’s new uniform. Uncle Vernon
opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smeltings
stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.
	They heard the click of the letter-box and flop of letters on the
doormat.
	‘Get the post, Dudley,’ said Uncle Vernon from behind his
paper.
	‘Make Harry get it.’
	‘Get the post, Harry.’
	‘Make Dudley get it.’ 
	‘Poke him with your Smeltings stick, Dudley.’
	Harry dodged the Smeltings stick and went to get the post.
Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon’s
sister Marge, who was holidaying on the Isle of Wight, a brown
envelope that looked like a bill and – a letter for Harry.
Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a
giant elastic band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to
him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relatives – he
didn’t belong to the library so he’d never even got rude notes
asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so
plainly there could be no mistake:
	Mr H. Potter
	The Cupboard under the Stairs
	4 Privet Drive
	Little Whinging
	Surrey
	The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment,
and the address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no
stamp.
	Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a
purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger
and a snake surrounding a large letter ‘H’.
	‘Hurry up, boy!’ shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. ‘What
are you doing, checking for letter-bombs?’ He chuckled at his own
joke.
	Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He
handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down and
slowly began to open the yellow envelope.
	Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust and
flipped over the postcard.
	‘Marge’s ill,’ he informed Aunt Petunia. ‘Ate a funny whelk ...’
	‘Dad!’ said Dudley suddenly. ‘Dad, Harry’s got something!’
	Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was writ-
ten on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was
jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.
	‘That’s mine!’ said Harry, trying to snatch it back.